Isn't Everything is About Money? No
===================================

One of the most common misunderstanding, from students to professors,
from university administrators to parents, is that entrepreneurship is
all about money.

**We disagree.**

We are involved in entrepreneurship programs because we think these
programs provide alternative career paths to students and greater
impacts to professors' research discoveries. 

How Much Money Do You Cost?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Do you know how much you are worth? Let's ask the question in a
different way: "How much money does your best friend need to leave
you?"

It is much much lower than you believe.

In one of the lectures about entrepreneurship programs YHL attended,
the speaker said, "Many beginning entrepreneurs think money is the
best thing. They think if they have money everything would be
fine. The truth is pretty much the oppositive.  When a team is poor,
they struggle but they are still friends.  However, at the first sight
when money is possible, either by investment or by a major customer,
many teams break.  Some people think they deserve more than the
others. "

Over the short few years we are involved in the campus
entrepreneurship programs, we have heard multiple incidents when money
changess people and affects decisions.  These are a few real stories.

A company started by several people in a research team.  All
co-founders are members of the board of directors.  The company
obtained SBIR (small business innovation research) grants and several
awards, total more than $1M. After three years of operations, the
company had several customers with revenue and was in the process of
raising $3M investment. During the process, the CEO, as the major
equity holder, removed the entire board because the CEO thought the
board had not contributed to the company's growth.  One of the board
members said, "We worked together to establish the company."  The CEO
said, "I do not care about history.  I have fired you. Leave."


Two students wanted to enter a business plan competition. They worked
with several other students and a professor. The entire team discussed
the plan, the technologies, the market opportunities, the launch
strategy, etc.  The two students gave an excellent speech, answered
every question well, and won a prize.  After the presentation, several
investors expressed interest to have further discussion. One week
after winning the competition, the two students left the team and the
professor so that they could talk freely to the investors.


