What Is Entrepreneurship: Our Interpretation
============================================

What is the definition of "entrepreneurship"? Here are some from the Internet:

- the activity of setting up a business or businesses, taking on financial risks in the hope of profit

- act of creating a business or businesses while building and scaling it to generate a profit  

- The capacity and willingness to develop, organize and manage a business venture along with any of its risks in order to make a profit. The most obvious example of entrepreneurship is the starting of new businesses.  In economics, entrepreneurship combined with land, labor, natural resources and capital can produce profit. Entrepreneurial spirit is characterized by innovation and risk-taking, and is an essential part of a nation's ability to succeed in an ever changing and increasingly competitive global marketplace.

We would suggest a somewhat different view of this word:

**Entrepreneurship is the mindset, ability, and actions to solve people's problems in systematic, scalable, and sustainable ways.**



Build Your Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Many experienced entrepreneurs say **teams** (not money, not
technologies, not idea) are the most important factors to succeed.
When you build a team, you need *diverse* talents.  


What Is Wrong with "An Idea"?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

One of the most common misconceptions of entrepreneurship is that
"First of all, you need an idea."  It is wrong in many ways, to name a
few:

* It immediately locks a potential entrepreneur into thinking about
  something magic ("a great idea").

* The overemphasis of "an idea" gives the wrong impression that an
  idea is the most important component of success. It says nothing
  about execution or teamwork.

* It encourages the person that conceives the idea to protect the idea
  without any discussion with potential customers, business partners,
  employees, or suppilers. As a result, nobody has a chance to critique
  the idea.

If an idea is not as important as some people believe, what is
important then?  **A problem that is important to your customers and
they are willing to pay for the solutions**

In business terms, this is called the **pain point**.  The concept
about "an idea" is about a brilliant solution. However, most people do
not care about how their problems are solved. They care about solving
the problems.

Consider these examples: Most people take airplane flights not because
these passengers love airplanes. They want to move from one location
to another fast, affordably, safely, and comfortably. True, some
people really love airplanes and they take flights for the purposes of
flying. However, some people would be happy taking another solution
(such as high-speed rail) if alternatives are available. Many people
reserve hotel rooms because they need temporary space to spend one or
several days, not because they love the concept of "hotels".  If you
can offer comfortable space for temporary stay, people do not
necessarily need to stay in "hotels" (Have you heard Airbnb?).  You
have a video call because you need to communicate with someone, not
because you love talking to a camera and a computer screen.

How damage this "idea" thing has caused? Very much. Among many people
we have talked to, almost everyone uses this word within the first
three sentences.  Surprisingly, very few people talk about "problems".
  
Understand Mathematics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Back in grade school, you may have learned

:math:`0 \times 100\% = 0`,

and

:math:`x \times \epsilon > 0`, if :math:`x` and :math:`\epsilon` > 0.

What do they mean?      

Over the years, we have opportunities talking to some potential
entrepreneurs and they are so convinced that they have the greatest
business ideas and do not want to tell anything to anyone.  They are
extremely concerned that others will "steal their ideas". These people
cannot find partners, employees, customers, ..., because they are
unwilling to talk about their great ideas.  Their business can be
described by the first question: The business has no value (i.e.,
:math:`0`) even though they own 100% of it.

In contrast, true entrepreneurs understand that ideas are nothing
without actions. Actions usually involve a team: engineers, sales,
customer service, suppliers, ..., These entrepreneurs aim to create
values (and make :math:`x > 0`) even though they may own only a small
portion of the business (:math:`\epsilon`). Since both :math:`x` and
:math:`\epsilon` are greater than zero, the entrepreneurs actually
gain something.



(YHL) This is a story in 2018. My friend, called X, called me to
"discuss" a business idea. I asked the typical questions: "Who are
your customers?" X said, "I cannot tell you." I asked "What is your
revenue model?" X said, "Secret."  I asked "How large is the market?"
X said, "Billions of dollars a year." I asked, "Who are your
competitiors?" X said, "Can't say." I said, "Call me when you are
ready to tell me *anything*."  Several months later, X called me and
said, "OK. I will tell you the idea. You must not tell anyone. If you
steal my idea, I will sue you."  I said, "Don't tell me. I will not
protect your ideas." I hung up.  Several days later, X called me again
and said, "All right. I will tell you." I said, "I don't want to
know."  Before I could hang up the phone, X said, "I want to sell
music online."  I asked, "Tell me more.  What is your plan?" X said,
"This is it. It is my idea."  I asked, "Who are the musicians?" X
said, "I have not thought about that." I asked, "How do you publicize
your website?" X said, "I need to work that out."  X said, "If I set
up a website, musicians will upload their work and people will pay to
download. I will make a few million dollars a month."  I asked, "What
are you telling me?" X said, "I am sharing a business idea. You must
assure me that you are not going to steal it and compete."  I said,
"Good luck to you. I am not interested selling music online."  X has
MS Computer Science from a good university and has been working in
software companies for more than 20 years.
   
